releasenotes for 2.10.1 (#197)
cvmfs/doc-cvmfs: cpt-releasenotes.rst

Release Notes for CernVM-FS 2.10.1
=================================

CernVM-FS 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing several minor bug fixes and improvements.
As with previous releases, upgrading clients should be seamless just by

> installing the new package from the repository. As usual, we recommend to updateonly a few worker nodes first and gradually ramp up once the new version proves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
installing the new package from the repository. As usual, we recommend to update only a few worker nodes first and gradually ramp up once the new version proves
```

> to work correctly. Please take special care when upgrading a cvmfs client in NFSmode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to work correctly. Please take special care when upgrading a cvmfs client in NFS mode.
```

For Stratum 1 servers, there should be no running snapshots during the upgrade.
For publisher and gateway nodes, all transactions must be closed and no active
leases must be present before upgrading.

Packages are available for both the x86_64 and aarch64 architectures. This version starts to deprecate support for Ubuntu 16.04.

Bug Fixes and Improvements
--------------------------

  * [server] cvmfs_server check can be extremely slow with many references to deduplicated files (`#3138 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/3138>`_)
  * [server] Make a parallelization limit on ``cvmfs_server snapshot -a`` (`#3064 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/3064>`_) 
  * [server] Succeeding cvmfs_server check should clear status in .cvmfs_status.json (`#3147 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/3147>`_)
  * [server] Reflog always recreated when running ``cvmfs_server check -r -i FQRN`` (`#3123 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/3123>`_)
  * [server] Unable to recover from publish failure (`#3088 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/3088>`_)

>   * [server] snapshot data file has doubled data (`#2991 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/2991>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [server] Snapshot data file has doubled data (`#2991 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/2991>`_)
```

  * [gw/server]  Allow aborting a transaction when session token is missing (`#3159 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/3159>`_)
  * [client] attr -g logbuffer can overflow (`#2979 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/2979>`_)
  * [client] Misleading "Transfer fuse connection to new mount...success" message (`#2956 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/2956>`_)
  * [client] Error when creating sqlite-backed NFS maps (`#3150 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/3150>`_)
  * [client] ``cvmfs_config fuser`` runs too long on host with afs (`#3090 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/3090>`_)
  * [container] Container conversion does not recognize OCI manifest lists (`#3164 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/3164>`_)

>   * [build system] cvmfs-2.9.3 el8 compilation failure (`#2985 <https://github.com/cvmfs/cvmfs/issues/2985>`_)

Reviewer: I would remove that from the release notes list. It is a fix for a quite narrow case.

Author: ```suggestion
```
